This is good, my God, my God, people.
updated the giant map
So, guys, welcome here, one more.
video the poll drew my god from the sky
and maybe and ended up expelling mess
crazy next guys for who
written a little bit is already going to be
Calm down here to break the band attack.
boot written here
A little while ago, you know that one of the series
most famous of the channel was attacked in the
server, right?
and it is the following people and it serves
updated yesterday several pakour zes
different here then I want to enter through
at least 11 to take a look
just to see if you guys wanna talk and
If you already dialed, you called
different then let's play a little game
just to see what he looks like he was not
wanting to start the series and such
but I'll see you if you want
that this series comes back is because each one
People ache series d pakour and will come back
a series of agreements and I decided to
ask you if you want
this series can go on like a frog
can it come out as video cakes or some
It 's not like this series here anymore.
It was very very was it's because
carrazzoni serious because type in each
video was a 12-minute video but
more objective of the video we pass the
video project type of first pass
a map is by video had not in part
by the super difficult we lived 10 15
minutes to advance others I passed
for no minute two minutes already zeroed
hence the father then makes a larger video such
The kind I like to fucking do.
series is so much that it was my series with
The fucking episode is not popular here.
Like this map I never played a new map.
It's a write me and it warned me that it was
having updated and I decided to see if
It was true, if you really had
updated, oh my god I can not
step in the water where you are going now
here and here, let's see if it's over
It does not end, there's nothing else that
Good guys, let's go there nice and quiet when
the tip and it was calm, let's go guys
Our people opa opa
no no i saw it was broken on the floor from there
what happens when people die boot
from the beginning look what is legal but
I do not know if you want to abandon your
series
so I'm going to kick up really tall if
You want me to boot this series of pacu?
does not fit
Let's try 600 lac in the beauty video I
I think we can
but I do not know if you want to come back
That's why I decided I'm doing it before.
only you see how it's new and back
from the beginning and I have to try again
Let's take a look around here, let's go.
with the car now and all that you go
to get this is good here good people
My series was very funny.
very much reger but at last stands for
Tell you guys, this is a detour.
going on just for you and trying to pass a
stage vote an internship in Semide
good beauty there folks remembering that your
Third day today we arrive
we had more to come around here
we had more three more videos right
I fell back again in 2011 we'll see
what floor they had three more videos and
michaela I want you to trust
very much the first video since for a
very funny video of a template that I
I showed bizarre thousand additions too many cars.
the only scrotal type if one and the same
time in place
Now I try again, right, I'm dying.
every hour there they will put an Italian and
This now takes care of everything.
to die right
let's heartthrob was on the tip comes here
good and good italian bead do not karam this good
Come on, let's get the guys going.
Calm down, we'll pass on, this was it.
here that I was falling this crap
that I was falling I do not know how to put
this is old
I spent much over here now and I think it is
That we're going to complete the guys I
I think we'll complete it, come on.
there calmly I'm quietly now
to am
to me what jean we go one more
now where is the squad not care
You went there so you have to hurry there.
and
the good head lac coming near the end
It's always coming close.
I'm smelling the smell of victory.
there is good
Calm people calm here - I know there was
now it 's good here
My God, my God, Galera updated the
giant map
look how old this is
old was not that big
damn car and italian
Come on, let's go, guys, calm down.
People have to jump over here, another one.
here good wave popular here higher
Let's be careful with this head.
when he hit his head and brown good now
here the score is good there
My god, she's changed a lot here, old man.
changed very seriously it was not like this before
the packages good little wee looks
we arrived the pantanal program but finally the
this was a show right from the servers
pacuri that nostalgia is not server
gotta get one enough to stay
same is not so good and this is good and me
Look how many have new keeps up
noble many many groups have more
This is cream to be done there.
So hard to see beck you reach 600
I keep paying if it does not arrive
I'll be taking a little spy and not
I'm going out right because it defends the feedback
I will not do something that you will
like not
remembering that soon we will have a
other is the agreement with a guest I
I think you're going to like it a lot
beauty but for now this stays in
secret
the video will stay here check the
times we had him again today
This I did not pass passed in your hand.
it will be a difficult game
we spoke in the curriculum led to
school takes her sister Carol does not win
voice that old man now I pass this
in two years
spouts or victims if you mean you are
too young for gil street